hello my name is Jeff pence I am a
freelance multimedia specialist I can
produce audio and video content for
radio television in the internet I can
also design and develop content
management websites to present your
audio and video content or text to your
clients customers or fans audio
production I have 25 years experience in
the music business I own a recording
studio an independent record label and a
collection of studio instruments I'm an
audio engineer both in a recording
studio and for live sound i can also
write and produce jingles and songs i'm
the founder of blessid union of souls i
co-wrote 99% of the songs that went on
our CDs we had one number one hit
another top 10 and many other top 20
hits during our career here's an example
of a couple of those
plating Margo
you must be Kyle
in your eyes
see me there
I started a video production in 1998 as
a hobby using Adobe Premiere illustrator
and Photoshop on a Windows PC I now use
Final Cut Pro on a Macintosh computer
which includes motion soundtrack Pro
livetype in other plugins i also have a
panasonic dvx 100 mini DV camera here's
an example of a commercial I shot edited
and wrote to jingle for CMC offers so
much more than just a great office space
they actually I've made some really good
friends here at CMC I'm able to meet
different people whether it's at the
coffee pot or whether it's passing in
the hallways if you see the tenant and
say hi like a friend you know thing here
for 12 years so I know both of them with
a great product great group of people
and we're great family so come on out
and see Santa
web design and development I use an open
source program as a platform to design
and develop websites and web
applications I use PHP my sequel
databases and CSS to achieve a true look
and feel of a web two point O website
that loads fast and is compatible with
most browsers and operating system
please visit my website to see my resume
Jeff Pence calm it's JD ffpe NC
dot com for my multimedia website gallop
web.com thank you for your time